
Privacy Policy
Explore the policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?What information do we collect?How do we use your information?How is your information shared on Meta Products or withIntegrated Partners?How do we share information with Partners, vendors, serviceproviders and third parties?How do the Meta Companies work together?How can you manage or delete your information and exercise yourrights?How long do we keep your information?How do we transfer information?How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable lawand prevent harm?How will you know the policy has changed?How to contact Meta with questionsWhy and how we process your informationOther policiesTerms of ServiceCookies Policy

What is the Privacy Policy and what does itcover?
Effective July 26, 2022
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we useand share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helpsyou use Meta Products in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer in-formation. We also let you know your rights. Each section of the Policy includeshelpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand.We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacytopics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show youwhere you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products youuse. You can update these settings to shape your experience.
Read the full policy below.
What Products does this policy cover? [1]Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
1
What Products does this policy cover?
This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to pro-vide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:
Facebook
Messenger
Instagram (including apps like Boomerang)
Facebook Portal products
Meta Platforms Technologies Products (when linked to a Facebook account)
Shops
Marketplace
Spark AR
Meta Business Tools
Meta Audience Network
NPE Team apps
Facebook View

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[2] that adds tothe information provided in this policy.
2
Supplemental policies
BulletinFacebook Portal productsFacebook ViewFree BasicsOculus ProductsOversight Board

What information do we collect?
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use ourProducts. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture onMarketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, wecollect some information about you even if you don't have an account[3].
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
An elderly man sitting at a desk and using a credit card to shop on his laptop.

On our Products, you can send messages, take photos and videos, buy or sellthings and much more. We call all of the things you can do on our Products"activity." We collect your activity across our Products and information youprovide[4], such as:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio[5]
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings,or through our voice-enabled features. Learn more[6] about what we collectfrom these features, and how we use information from the camera formasks, filters, avatars and effects.
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applica-ble law. We can't see the content of end-to-end encrypted messages unlessusers report them to us for review. Learn more.
Metadata[7] about content and messages, subject to applicable law
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them. Seeexamples[8].
Purchases or other transactions you make, including credit card information.Learn more[9].
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Information with special protections
You might choose to provide information about your religious views, politicalviews, who you are "interested in" (which could reveal your sexual orientation)or your health in your Facebook profile fields or life events. This and other infor-mation (such as racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade unionmembership) could have special protections under the laws of your country.

Friends, followers and other connections
Information we collect about your friends, followers and otherconnections
We collect information about friends, followers, groups, accounts, FacebookPages and other users and communities you’re connected to and interact with.This includes how you interact with them across our Products and which onesyou interact with the most.
Information we collect about contacts
We also collect your contacts’ information, such as their name and email ad-dress or phone number, if you choose to upload or import it from a device, likeby syncing an address book.
If you don’t use Meta Products, or use them without an account, your informa-tion might still be collected. Learn more about how Meta uses contact informa-tion uploaded by account holders.
Learn how to upload and delete contacts on Facebook and Messenger, or howto connect your device's contact list on Instagram.
Information we collect or infer about you based on others’ activity
We collect information about you based on others' activity. See someexamples[10].
We also infer things about you based on others' activity. For example:
We may suggest a friend to you through Facebook's People You May Knowfeature if you both appear on a contact list that someone uploads.
We take into account whether your friends belong to a group when we sug-gest you join it.


App, browser and device information
We collect and receive information from and about the different devices[11] youuse and how you use them.
Device information we collect and receive includes:
The device and software you’re using, and other device characteristics. Seeexamples[12].
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foregroundor if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’, including FamilyDevice IDs. See examples[13].
Signals from your device. See examples[14].
Information you’ve shared with us through device settings, like GPS location,camera access, photos and related metadata[15]
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IPaddress. See more examples[16].
Information about our Products’ performance on your device. Learn more[17].
Information from cookies and similar technologies. Learn more.[18]


Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
What kinds of information do we collect or receive?
We collect and receive information from Partners[19], measurement vendorsand third parties[20] about a variety of your information and activities on and offour Products.
Here are some examples of information we receive about you:
Your device information
Websites you visit and cookie data, like through Social Plugins or the MetaPixel
Apps you use
Games you play
Purchases and transactions you make
Your demographics, like your education level
The ads you see and how you interact with them
How you use our Partners’ products and services, online or in person

Partners also share information like your email address, cookies[18] and adver-tising device ID with us. This helps us match your activities with your account, ifyou have one.
We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an accounton our Products. Learn more about how we connect information from Partnersto your account.
Partners also share with us their communications with you if they instruct us toprovide services to their business, like helping them manage their communica-tions. To learn how a business processes or shares your information, read theirprivacy policy or contact them directly.
Take control
Off-Facebook activity
How do we collect or receive this information from partners?
Partners use our Business Tools, integrations and Meta Audience Networktechnologies to share information with us.
These Partners collect your information when you visit their site or app or usetheir services, or through other businesses or organizations they work with. Werequire Partners to have the right to collect, use and share your information be-fore giving it to us.

What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional,but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more[21]Take control in Privacy Center
Manage the information we collect about you
3
Information we collect if you use our Products butdon’t have an account
For example, we collect:
Browser and app logs of your visits to public content, like Facebook Pages,videos and rooms
Basic information about devices that downloaded our apps, like devicemodel and OS

We also receive information using cookies and similar technologies, like theMeta Pixel or Social Plugins, when you visit other websites and apps that useMeta Products. Read our Cookies Policy to learn more.
Examples of why we collect information
Security of our Products
For example, if we see someone without an account trying to load too manypages, they could be trying to scrape our site in violation of our terms. Then wecan take action to prevent it.
Safety and integrity
For example, if someone without an account joins a room and shares a harmfulvideo, we can take action according to our Community Standards. We can re-move content that violates our terms and policies, or share information with lawenforcement when we believe there is a genuine risk of death or imminent bod-ily harm.
Advertising
For example, you may also see ads for the Meta Company Products shownthrough Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps if we can’t recog-nize you as a registered user of the Meta Products.
Performance
For example, we use information we have about people who use our Products,even if they don’t have an account, to measure how fast our pages load in dif-ferent countries. This helps us identify and fix issues with local networks.
4
Information you provide
For example, when you create a Facebook account, you must provide some in-formation, like a password and your email address or phone number. Youmight choose to add other details to your account, like a profile photo or pay-ment information.
We also collect information you provide when you:
Create your avatar
Fill out a form
Contact us

5
Audio content you create
You can create audio content, like if you're a host or speaker in a Live AudioRoom. Live Audio can be listened to by anyone in the audience for thebroadcast.
6
What we collect from our camera feature
Three friends crowded together around a mobile phone, which one friend uses to take a selfie of them.

José likes using Instagram’s Camera feature to take pictures of hisfriends. We collect information about how José uses the Camerafeature, including what he sees through the camera lens on his de-vice while he’s using the feature. This helps us do things like suggestmasks and filters that he might like.

How filters, effects, masks and avatars work
Three friends crowded together around a mobile phone, which one friend uses to take a selfie of them.

If you use our camera or allow access to photos and videos, on cer-tain Meta Products you can add filters, effects, masks or avatars.Some of these features process parts of faces or bodies within thecamera frame, photo or video. Then they can do things like fit amask correctly over the eyes, nose and mouth. The information weuse for this process is used to create the feature. It’s not used toidentify you.

What we collect from voice-enabled features
A person using Ray-Ban Stories to take a photo of three friends posing on the beach.

Ren tells Meta’s voice-enabled Assistant to take a photo on Ray-Ban Stories. A visual indicator shows that Assistant is activated andlistening for Ren’s command. We collect this voice interaction,which includes any background sound that occurs when Ren saysthe command. Collecting Ren’s voice interactions lets us provideand, depending on Ren’s settings, improve the Assistant feature.

7
Metadata about content or messages
Metadata is:
Information about the content itself, like the location where a photo wastaken or the date a file was created
Information about the message itself, like the type of message or the dateand time it was sent

8
Apps and features you use, and how you use them
For example, we log:
What apps, posts, videos, ads, games, Shops and other content you view orinteract with on our Products
When you use Social Plugins, Facebook Login or autofill

9
Purchases or other transactions
We collect information when you use our Products to buy or sell things or makeother financial transactions.
Some examples are:
Purchases within an online game
Donations to a friend’s fundraiser
Purchases in Marketplace, Shops or groups
Money transfers to friends and family (where available)

What we collect from transactions
When you buy things or make other payments in Marketplace, Shops orgroups, we collect information about your purchase or other financial transac-tions, like:
Credit or debit card number and other card information
Billing, shipping and contact details
Items you bought and how many
Other account and authentication information

Why we collect this information
One reason we store this information is to allow you to access and view yourpayment and transaction history.
And you can use it the next time you shop to give you easier, faster shoppingexperiences.
More in the Privacy Policy
How do we use your information?How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law andprevent harm?
10
When we collect information based on others’ activity
For example, we collect information about you on Meta Products when others:
Share or comment on a photo you’re tagged in
Send you a message
Invite you to join a conversation
Upload their address book that has your contact information in it
Invite you to play a game

11
Devices
These devices include computers, phones, hardware, connected TVs, Portaldevices and other web-connected devices.
12
What device you’re using, and other devicecharacteristics
We collect device information like:
The type of device
Details about its operating system
Details about its hardware and software
Battery level
Signal strength
Available storage
Browser type
App and file names and types
Plugins

13
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Identifiers we collect include device IDs, mobile advertiser ID or IDs fromgames, apps or accounts you use. We also collect Family Device IDs or otheridentifiers unique to Meta Company Products associated with the same deviceor account.
14
Device signals
Device signals include GPS, Bluetooth signals, nearby Wi-Fi access points,beacons and cell towers.
15
Related metadata
For example, if you give us permission to access your device’s camera roll, wecollect metadata. This metadata is from and about your photos and videos andincludes the date and time they were made. We use this to do things like re-mind you when you have new photos to upload.
16
Information about the network you connect your de-vice to
Information about your network includes:
The name of your mobile operator or internet service provider (ISP)
Language
Time zone
Mobile phone number
IP address
Connection speed
Information about other devices that are nearby or on your network
Wi-Fi hotspots you connect to using our Products

One reason we collect this information is to make your experience better. Forexample, if we know that your phone and TV are connected to the same net-work, we can help you use your phone to control a video stream on your TV.
More in the Privacy Policy
How do we use your information?
17
Information about our Products’ performance on yourdevice
We collect device information to prevent, diagnose, troubleshoot and fix errorsand bugs. This includes how long the app was running, what model of deviceyou were using and other performance and diagnostic information.
18
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.We use cookies and similar technologies, including data that we store on yourweb browser or device, identifiers associated with your device and other soft-ware, Social Plugins and the Meta Pixel. They help us provide, protect and im-prove our Products, such as by personalizing content, tailoring and measuringads and providing a safer experience.
We collect information from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDsand settings. Read our cookie policies:
Facebook Cookies Policy
Instagram Cookies Policy

19
Our Partners
Businesses and people can use our Products to advertise, market or supporttheir products and services. When they use our Products, we call them ourPartners.
Our Products include our Business Tools and other technologies that allowbusinesses to advertise or support their products and services, or to under-stand and measure how people are using their services and how well their adsare working. For example, they might put one of our Business Tools, the MetaPixel, on their website. Or they might use Meta Audience Network tools tomonetize their apps by showing ads from businesses that advertise onFacebook.
Our Products also include technologies where you can make a connection toour Partners through our Products. For example, you might log into their app orwebsite using Facebook Login. Or you might play their game on Facebook,which we call an integration because you can play without leaving our app. Wecall the Partners who use these integrated tools our Integrated Partners.
Here are some examples of our Partners:
Advertisers
Companies that measure how well ads are doing and provide reports
Businesses and people that use our Products to sell or offer goods andservices
Publishers (like a website or app) and their business partners
App developers
Game developers

20
Third parties we get information from
Other organizations and bodies share information with Meta but don’t use ourProducts. We refer to them as third parties. We collect and receive informationfrom these third parties, including:
Publicly available sources, like academic papers and public forums
Industry peers, such as other online platforms and technology companies
Marketing and advertising vendors and data providers, who have the rightsto provide us with your information
Law enforcement
Government authorities
Professional and non-profit groups, like NGOs, and charities
Academic and research institutions, like universities, non-profit researchgroups and think tanks

Third-party public sources
For example, we get datasets from publicly available sources, research institu-tions and professional and non-profit groups. We use these datasets to:
Detect and stop scraping in violation of our terms
Take other actions to promote the safety, security and integrity of ourProducts, our users, the public and our personnel and property
Improve our AI technologies, such as translations
Support AI research, like computer vision and natural language processingtechnologies
Engage with research survey respondents who choose to participate in addi-tional conversations

More in the Privacy Policy
How do we use your information?
21
What happens if you don’t let us collect certaininformation
For example, if you don’t provide an email address or phone number, we won’tbe able to create an account for you to use our Products.
Or you can choose not to add Facebook friends, but then your Facebook Feedwon’t show friends’ photos and status updates.

How do we use your information?
We use information we collect to provide a personalized experience to you, includ-ing ads, along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information across our Products[22] and acrossyour devices[23]. The information we use for these purposes is automatically pro-cessed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use manual review[24] to ac-cess and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information. We might also anonymize it so that it no longeridentifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information asdescribed in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have, including any information with special protections youchoose to share, to provide and improve our Products. This includes personalizingfeatures, content and recommendations, such as your Facebook Feed[25],Instagram feed, Stories and ads. We don’t use profile fields about religious views,political views or who you’re “interested in” to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve ourProducts:
How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial content
When you use our Products, you see ads and sponsored or commercial con-tent, like product listings in Shops. You also see ads shown through MetaAudience Network when you visit other apps. We want everything you see tobe interesting and useful to you.
To decide what to show you and others, we use information we have about you,including:
Your profile information
Your activity on and off our Products, including information we receivethrough cookies and similar technologies, according to your settings
Things we infer about you, like topics we think you may be interested in
Information about your friends, followers or other connections, including theiractivity or interests

See some examples.[26]
Learn more about some of the ways we show you ads that we think may be in-teresting to you, including using machine learning.
Take control in Privacy Center
Learn more about how ads work

How we use information to improve our Products
We’re always trying to make our Products better and create new ones with thefeatures you want. Information we collect from you helps us learn how.
We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Productsand brands and what we can do better


How we use location-related information
We use location-related information that you allow us to receive if you turn onthe Location Services device setting. This includes things like your GPS loca-tion and, depending on the operating system you're using, other devicesignals[27].
We also receive and use some location-related information even if LocationServices is turned off. This includes:
IP addresses[28], which we use to estimate your general location. We canuse IP addresses to estimate your specific location if it’s necessary to protectthe safety and security of you or others.
Your and others' activity on our Products, like check-ins and events
Information you give us directly, like if you enter your current city on your pro-file, or provide your address in Marketplace

We use location-related information, such as your current location, where youlive, the places you like to go and the businesses and people you're near, to dothe things described in the “How do we use your information?” section of thePolicy, like:
Provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you andothers. See an example[29].
Detect suspicious activity and help keep your account secure. Learn how.[30]

More resources
How to manage Facebook location settingsFacebook Help CenterHow to turn Instagram location services on or offInstagram Help Center

To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe,secure Products.
Learn moreTo provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses. We helpthem measure how well their ads and other content are working.
Learn moreTo communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact informa-tion you've entered on your profile.
Learn moreTo research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from pub-licly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct andsupport research.
Learn morePromoting safety, security and integrity
Here are some ways we promote safety, security and integrity. We work to:
Verify accounts and activity
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the deci-sions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board. Theymay use information we have when they review our decisions. Learn moreabout how the Oversight Board processes information.
Investigate suspicious activity
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior
Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginal-ized communities
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences
Detect when someone needs help and provide support
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property
Maintain the integrity of our Products

Learn more about how we work to keep Meta a safe place for everyone.
Take control
Account security

Providing measurement, analytics and business services
To provide measurement and analytics services, we use the information we col-lect about you across your accounts on our Products.
Our measurement and analytics services help our Partners understand thingslike:
How many people see and interact with their content, including posts,videos, Facebook Pages, listings, Shops and ads (including those shownthrough apps using Meta Audience Network)
How people interact with their content, websites, apps and services
What types of people[31] interact with their content or use their services

More in the Privacy Policy
How do we share information with Partners, vendors, service providersand third parties?

Communicating with you
We communicate with you in a few different ways. For example:
We send messages about the Products we know you use, using the emailyou register to your account
Depending on your settings, we send marketing communications aboutProducts you might like
We ask you to participate in research based on things like how you use ourProducts
We let you know about our policies and terms of service
When you contact us with questions, we reply to your email
We facilitate customer support communications with you when you've toldus, either directly or through a third party, that you have questions or con-cerns about our Products

We also use information about how you interact with our messages, like if youopen an email from us. This helps us understand the best way to reach youand whether our communications are helpful.
Take control
Communication preferences

Researching and innovating for social good
We research and innovate to help people around the world. Our goals include:
Contributing to social good and areas of public interest
Advancing technology
Improving safety, health and well-being

Here are some examples of our research:
We analyze information about where groups of people go during crises. Thishelps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We work with independent researchers to better understand the impact so-cial media might have on elections and democratic processes
We’ve collaborated with academics and industry experts to help improve in-ternet access and quality in rural areas
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learningto do things like create COVID-19 forecasting models

Learn more about our research programs


More in the Privacy Policy
Why and how we process your information
22
Using information across our Products
We use information across your accounts on our Products to:
Personalize ads for you and others. Learn more.
Measure the performance of those ads. Learn more.
Provide more personalized features, content and suggestions across ourProducts. See examples[32].
More accurately count people and understand how they use our Products
Help keep you and others safe. Learn more.

If you set up your Accounts Center, we also use your information to offer con-nected experiences and improve your experiences across accounts. See anexample.[33]
More resources
How to add or delete accounts in your Accounts CenterFacebook Help Center
23
Why we use information across devices
One reason we use your information across devices is to help us give you amore personalized experience. For example, we might show you an ad on yourphone, and later you might use your laptop to click on the ad and buy the prod-uct. By combining that information across your devices, we can understandwhat ads are relevant to you and help businesses measure how well their adperformed.
24
Manual review
Examples of when we use manual review
Our reviewers help us promote safety, security and integrity across ourProducts. For example, reviewers can look for and remove content that vio-lates our terms and policies and keep content that doesn’t break our termsand policies available. Their work supplements our technology that detectsviolations.
When our algorithms detect that someone might need help, a reviewer canreview their post and offer support if needed.
We also use manual review to analyze content to train our algorithms to re-view content the same way a person would. This improves our automaticprocessing, which in turn helps us improve our products.

Who reviews this information
Our reviewers work at Meta, for Meta Companies or for a trusted vendor. Werequire every reviewer who's allowed access to your information to meet pri-vacy and security standards.
Learn more about how Facebook prioritizes content for manual review.
25
How we personalize your Facebook Feed
Your Facebook Feed is unique to you. We order (or “rank”) the content you cansee in your Feed, and you can learn more about the different types of signalswe use to rank it. We also suggest content that’s relevant to you.
Many things influence the content you see in your Feed.
For example:
If your friends, connections or people you may know interact with aFacebook Page, post or certain topic, we can suggest similar content to you.So if your friend Ahmad comments on a post about national parks, we cansuggest the national parks post to you.
If you and others interact with the same group, Facebook Page or post, wecan suggest another group, Page or post that they interact with for you. So ifyou and Sharmila are in the same cat lovers group and Sharmila likes aPage that sells scarves, we might suggest the scarves Page to you.
If you’ve recently engaged with a certain topic on Facebook, we might thensuggest other posts that are related to that topic. So if you recently liked orcommented on a post from a basketball Page, we could suggest other postsabout basketball.
You might see posts based on where you are and what people near you areinteracting with on Facebook. So if you’re near a sports stadium, we cansuggest games or events occurring at the stadium. Learn more about howwe use location-related information.

More resources
Manage your Facebook Feed preferencesFacebook Help Center
26
Your activity on our Products
A cup of coffee, two donuts, and a hand holding a phone that shows an ad for a bakery.

For example, William checks into a local bakery on Facebook, solater we might show him ads on Instagram for other local bakeries.

Your activity on websites and apps, depending on yoursettings
An open shoebox, a new pair of shoes, and a hand holding a phone that shows an ad for shoes.

For example, Jane buys a pair of shoes from an online shoe store.The store shares Jane’s activity with us using our Business Tools,subject to our Business Tools Terms.
Later, Jane sees an ad on Instagram for a discount on her next shoepurchase from the online store.
If she doesn't want to see more ads from this shoe store, she canhide them in her advertisers setting. Or if she doesn’t want us toshow her any ads based on her activity on other websites and apps,she can make sure that this setting is turned off in her ad settings

Topics we think you might be interested in
A turntable, a laptop, headphones, and a pair of hands holding a phone that shows an ad for a music festival.

For example, Jon likes several Facebook Pages about famous musi-cians, so we think he has an interest in "music."
Based on this interest, we might show him an ad for a local recordshop or an online music publication.

Your connections
An easel with a painting on it and a hand holding a phone that shows an ad for an art fair.

For example, Fiona’s friend likes an Instagram account for a local artfair. Based on her friend’s activity, we might show Fiona an ad forthe art fair.

27
Other device signals we receive
We receive different types of device signals from different operating systems.They include things like nearby Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections.
28
IP addresses
IP address stands for "internet protocol address." It’s a unique number as-signed to a device, like a phone or computer, that allows it to communicateover the internet. Numbers are assigned according to standard guidelines, orprotocols.
Just like you need a mailing address to receive a letter from a friend, your de-vice needs an IP address to receive information on the internet.
29
Personalizing ads for you and others
A hand holding a mobile phone that shows a map of an airport.

For example, Marcus is going on a trip and wants to use Find Wi-Fito find free, public Wi-Fi at the airport. He has turned on LocationServices, so we can use his GPS information to help him find themost relevant public Wi-Fi networks. We’ll also use this informationto show him ads for local businesses near the airport.
Later, Marcus turns off Location Services before he lands, so wedon’t collect his GPS information anymore. Later on his trip, heopens the Facebook app, and we can use the IP address we receiveto estimate Marcus’ current location and show him ads for busi-nesses nearby.

30
Helping to keep your account secure
For example, we use information about the locations you normally log in from,combined with other information, to detect suspicious activity. So if we detectan attempt to log into your account from a new location, we can check that it’sreally you.
31
Information we provide about different types of people
For example, we might tell an advertiser that their ad was seen by womenaged 25–34 who live in Madrid and like software engineering.
32
Providing more personalized features, content and sug-gestions across our Products
For example we can:
Automatically fill in registration information, like your phone number, fromone Meta Product when you sign up for an account on a different Product
Let others see and search your name and profile photo across our Productsand communicate with you
Show all interactions in one place for content you’ve cross-posted to differ-ent Products

33
Using your information if you set up your AccountsCenter
For example, if you follow your favorite team on Instagram, we can more easilysuggest that you follow that team’s Page on Facebook.
Learn more about how we use information across accounts if you set upAccounts Center.

How is your information shared on MetaProducts or with Integrated Partners?
Hands holding a phone, using Facebook Login to log into an Integrated Partner's website.

On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on ourProducts:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
When you share and communicate using our Products, you can sometimeschoose the audience[34] for what you share.
When you interact with people or businesses, they can see:
What you share with them
For example, the audience you choose can see when you:
Share a post you’ve written
Share a photo or video
Create a story
Share a news article
Add information to your profile

What you communicate with them
People you interact with can see what you send to them. So if you send a per-son or a business a message on Messenger or Instagram, that person or busi-ness can read your message.
Some of your activity
People and businesses can also see some of your activity on our Products.This includes when you:
Comment on or react to others’ posts
Engage with ads or other sponsored or commercial content, like by com-menting or liking
Allow content you've shared about a product in a Shop to be shared acrossour Products
View their story on Facebook or Instagram
Connect a new Meta device, like Portal or Ray-Ban Stories, to your account

When you’re active
Some of our Products might provide you with settings that allow others to seewhen you're active on our Products, such as “active status.” In some cases, wealso offer settings that allow others to see when you’re active in a particularsection of one of our Products, like a message thread, game or event, or whenyou last used one of our Products.
Learn how to update your Active Status on Facebook and Messenger, or howto update your Activity Status on Instagram.

Content others share or reshare about you
Who can see or reshare your content
People in your audience can view your content and can choose to share it withothers outside your audience, on and off our Products. For example, when youshare a post or send a message to specific friends, they can download, screen-shot or reshare it with anyone, on, across or off our Products.
When you comment on a post or react to a photo, your comment or reactioncan be seen by anyone who can see the post or photo. This can include peopleyou aren’t connected to. The person who shared the post can also change theiraudience at any time after you’ve interacted with it.
How information about you can be shared
People who use our Products can share information about you with the audi-ence they choose. For example, they can:
Share a photo or video of you in a post, comment, story, reel or message
Mention you in a post or story
Tag you in a post, comment, story or location
Share details about you in a post, story or message

If you’re uncomfortable with what others have shared about you on ourProducts, you can always choose to report posts and stories.
More resources
Remove a tag from a photo or post on FacebookFacebook Help CenterRemove a tag from a photo or video on InstagramInstagram Help Center

Public content
What content is public?
Some of your information and activity are always public. This includes yourname, Facebook and Instagram username, profile picture and activity on publicFacebook Pages and groups.
Other content you can choose to set to Public, like posts, photos and videosyou post to your profile, Stories or Reels.
Who can see public content?
When content is public, it can be seen by anyone on or across our Products,and in some cases off our Products, even if they don’t have an account.
For example, if you comment on Marketplace, a public Facebook Page or apublic Instagram account, or if you leave a rating or review, your comment, rat-ing or review will be visible to anyone. It could appear in any of our Products orbe seen by anyone, including off our Products.
Where can public content be shared?
We, you and people using our Products can send public content (like your pro-file photo, or information you share on a Facebook Page or public Instagramaccount) to anyone on, across or off our Products. For example, users canshare it in a public forum, or it can appear in search results on the internet.
Public content can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded throughthird-party services, like:
Search engines. Learn more[35].
APIs
The media, like TV
Other apps and websites connected to our Products

More resources
Public information on FacebookFacebook Help CenterHow to make a public account private on InstagramInstagram Help Center

With Integrated Partners
You can choose to connect with Integrated Partners[36] who use our Products. If youdo, these Integrated Partners receive information about you and your activity.
These Integrated Partners can always access information that’s public on ourProducts. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handleyour information:

When you use an Integrated Partner’s product or service
Information they receive automatically
When you use an Integrated Partner’s products or services, they can access:
What you post or share from these products or services
What you use their services to do
Information from and about the device you’re using

See examples[37] of when an Integrated Partner might receive your information.
Information they receive with your permission
Sometimes these Integrated Partners ask you for permission to access certainadditional information from your Facebook, Instagram or Messenger account.In their request, they’ll explain what information they’d like to access and letyou choose whether to share it.
On Facebook, this includes things like your email address, hometown or birth-day. On Instagram, this includes content, like photos and videos, that you’veshared from your account when the account was set to private.
Learn what happens if you choose to share your friends list, or if your friendschoose to share their friends list.[38]
We automatically log when you receive a request from an Integrated Partner toaccess your information. These requests to access information are separatefrom the Apps and Websites access that you manage in your Facebook orInstagram ad settings or in your mobile device settings.
How long they can access your information
Apps or websites you’ve logged into using Facebook Login or connected toyour Instagram account can access your nonpublic information on MetaProducts unless it appears to us that you haven’t used the app or website in 90days. Note that even if an app’s access to your data has expired, it can still re-tain information you shared with it previously.
We encourage you to visit your Apps and Websites settings from time to time toreview which apps and websites continue to have access to your informationthrough Facebook Login or Instagram.
More resources
How to manage apps and websites on FacebookFacebook Help CenterHow to manage apps and websites on InstagramInstagram Help Center

When you interact with someone else’s content on an IntegratedPartner’s product or service
Integrated Partners receive information about your activity when you interactwith other Facebook, Instagram or Messenger users while they’re using theIntegrated Partner’s product or service.
For example, a gamer livestreams to Facebook using a partner app. Then youcomment on that livestream. The app developer will receive information aboutyour comment.

How Integrated Partners handle your information
Integrated Partners handle the information you share with them according totheir own terms and policies, not Meta’s. You can review their privacy policy ontheir website or app to learn how they receive and process your information. Insome cases, they use a separate service provider to receive and process yourinformation.
More resources
How Meta reviews apps that integrate with our ProductsFacebook Developers

Take control
Learn more about audiences in Privacy CenterManage apps and websites
34
Choosing an audience
On Facebook, the audience can be made up of:
The public, including people on and off Facebook
Your friends and other connections, such as the friends of people you tag
A customized list of people
Yourself
The members of a single community, such as a group

On Instagram, you can set the audience for what you share by choosing be-tween a private or public account. With a private account, only followers youapprove can see what you share. With a public account, your posts and othercontent on Instagram can be seen by anyone, on or off our Products, includingif they don’t have an account. You can restrict the audience for your content byblocking individual accounts from viewing them. You can also create a closefriends list for certain types of content that only the people on that list can see.
Take control
Audience settingsManage your audience settings on Facebook or Instagram.
Audience settings are different from app permissions
Your audience settings are different from the permissions you give to individualapps and websites to access your information. Read our policy about how youmay share information with Integrated Partners.
35
Search engines
You can visit your privacy settings to control whether search engines outsideFacebook can link to your profile. But other public content–like if you post withyour audience set to Public, or post on public Pages or accounts–might still beaccessible through search engines, depending on the settings of that account.
36
Our Partners
Businesses and people can use our Products to advertise, market or supporttheir products and services. When they use our Products, we call them ourPartners.
Our Products include our Business Tools and other technologies that allowbusinesses to advertise or support their products and services, or to under-stand and measure how people are using their services and how well their adsare working. For example, they might put one of our Business Tools, the MetaPixel, on their website. Or they might use Meta Audience Network tools tomonetize their apps by showing ads from businesses that advertise onFacebook.
Our Products also include technologies where you can make a connection toour Partners through our Products. For example, you might log into their app orwebsite using Facebook Login. Or you might play their game on Facebook,which we call an integration because you can play without leaving our app. Wecall the Partners who use these integrated tools our Integrated Partners.
Here are some examples of our Partners:
Advertisers
Companies that measure how well ads are doing and provide reports
Businesses and people that use our Products to sell or offer goods andservices
Publishers (like a website or app) and their business partners
App developers
Game developers

37
When an Integrated Partner might receive your information
Two friends playing a game on their mobile phones while a third watches them play and cheers.

For example, you might use your Facebook login to play an onlinegame with your Facebook friends. The game developer automati-cally receives information about your activities in the game.

When an Integrated Partner might receive your information
Hands using a tablet to tap the Like button on a news article.

Or you might use the Facebook Like button on an article posted ona news website. The website developer automatically receives infor-mation about your Like on their article.

38
Sharing friends lists
When you share your friends list
If you use Facebook Login to log into an app, the app developer might requestaccess to your list of Facebook friends. Here's what happens if you give theapp developer permission to view these lists:
They can view and access a list of your Facebook friends who use the sameapp and have given the app permission to access their list of friends. Theycan’t access nonpublic information about your friends or followers throughthis process. Note that the app developer will receive more informationabout your friends if your friends choose to share it themselves. They canshare it by providing the information directly or giving the developer permis-sion to access information from their account.
You’ll appear on friends lists that your Facebook friends can choose to sharewith the same app. You can remove this permission, or the app entirely, ifyou later decide that you don’t want to share your friends list with an app, ordon’t want to appear on other friends lists shared with that app.

When your friends share their friends list
Your friends might choose to share their friends lists with app developersthrough Facebook Login. But your friends can’t use Facebook Login to sharenonpublic information about you.

How do we share information with Partners, ven-dors, service providers and third parties?
A row of images, including a bar graph, two ads and an online shopping cart.

We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also requirePartners and third parties to follow rules about how they can and cannot use anddisclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers
Advertisers
We provide advertisers with reports about the number and kinds of people whosee and engage with their ads. These reports include information about thegeneral demographics and interests of people who engaged with anadvertiser’s ad. Then advertisers can better understand their audience. See anexample[39].
Meta also provides advertisers and their business partners with informationabout:
Ads people engaged with, if any
When people engaged with ads
Where that ad was shown (for example, on Instagram, or on Facebook)

But we don't share information with these advertisers and their business part-ners that by itself can be used to contact or identify you, such as your name oremail address, unless you give us permission.[40]
Audience Network publishers and their business partners
Meta Audience Network lets advertisers place ads with us that will be publishedon apps outside of Meta.
To help show you ads on their apps, we share information with publishers whouse Audience Network, as well as business partners who facilitate that use. Forexample, we share:
How many people see and engage with ads on publisher apps
Information related to or in response to a publisher’s request to serve an adon its app.

But we don't share information with these publishers and their business part-ners that by itself can be used to contact or identify you, such as your name oremail address, unless you give us permission[40].

Partners who use our analytics services
People rely on our Products, like business accounts, professional tools andFacebook Pages, to run and promote their businesses. Businesses use our an-alytics services to understand more about how people are using their contentand features.
We receive information about how people interact with their posts, listings,Facebook Pages, videos, Shops or other content, on and off our Products.Then we put this information into aggregate reports so they can see how welltheir content is performing.
These reports aggregate information like:
How many people interacted with their content
The general demographics and interests[39] of the people who interactedwith it

Partners who advertise with us also receive other information. Read our policyabout how we share information with advertisers.

Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and com-merce services platforms
When you choose to make a transaction[41], or otherwise choose to share infor-mation with a seller, creator, fundraiser, charity, payment services provider orcommerce services platform[42], we share information with them and with anyproviders acting on their behalf.
Depending on how you interact with them, they receive:
Information to complete your transaction, like order, payment, contact andshipping information
Information to help ensure the security of the transaction, like informationabout your device or connection
Any information required by applicable regulation
Other information you choose to share with them

For example, if you make a purchase from an Instagram shop using checkout,the shop will receive information to complete your transaction. This may includeyour order items, your contact details and shipping information. If the shop usesa payment services provider, such as PayPal, to facilitate the transaction, theprovider will receive the transaction amount, a transaction description (to ap-pear on your credit card statement) and your payment card information, suchas cardholder name, card number, expiration date and billing address. Learnmore about payments on Instagram.

Integrated Partners
When you choose to use Integrated Partners’ products or services, they re-ceive information about you and your activity. Read the policy.

Vendors
Measurement and marketing vendors
Measurement and marketing vendors are businesses that provide marketing-related support to Meta and its advertisers. For example, they purchase ads onour behalf, provide market research and measure the effectiveness of our cam-paigns. Such vendors also support our Partners' advertising.
Measurement vendors
We don’t create every measurement and analytics report ourselves.
We work with measurement vendors who create reports that help our Partners,like advertisers, understand how their content and ads are performing, who isengaging with them and whether people took an action after seeing their ad.
We share information (like whether people saw an ad or engaged with it) withour measurement vendors, who aggregate it to provide their reports. See anexample[43].
Marketing vendors
We share information about you with companies that help market our Companyand Products, measure the effectiveness of our own marketing campaigns andperform advertising research. For example, we share your device identifier orother identifiers with advertising vendors to help us serve you ads most rele-vant to your interests. Learn more[44] about how vendors support our marketingand advertising efforts.

Service providers
Service providers
Service providers provide services to us that help us provide our Products toyou. We share the information we have about you to receive these services,which include:
Investigating suspicious activity
Detecting and stopping threats to our personnel and property
Facilitating payments
Providing customer support
Improving the functionality of our Products
Providing technical infrastructure services
Analyzing how our Products are used
Conducting research and surveys
Marketing and promoting our Products
Analyzing the effectiveness of our ads


Third parties
External researchers
We provide information to external researchers. They use it to conduct re-search that advances scholarship and innovation, and to promote safety, secu-rity and integrity.
Research goals include supporting:
Our business or mission
Social good. Learn more.
Technological advancement
Safety and security on our Products
Public interest
Health and well-being

When sharing data with external researchers, we ensure the privacy of ourusers is protected. Learn more about the privacy-safe research we support.

Other times we share with third parties
We also share information with third parties in response to legal requests, to complywith applicable law or to prevent harm. Read the policy.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, then we maygive the new owner your information as part of that transaction, in line with applica-ble law.
39
General demographics and interests
For example, a bike shop creates a Page on Facebook and wants to place anad to reach an audience of people in Atlanta interested in cycling. We deter-mine whether someone fits in this audience based on, for example, whetherthey liked a Page about bikes. Then people in that audience could see the bikeshop's ad.
You can see the “interests” assigned to you in your ad preferences and removethem if you want.
The bike shop can then see reports showing aggregated statistics about theaudience seeing their ads and how their ads are performing. The reports wouldshow statistics to the advertiser that, for example, most of the people who sawor clicked on their ad:
Were women
Were between the ages of 25 and 34
Clicked on the ad from their phone

40
When you might give us permission
For example, you might request more information from a business by clickingtheir ad in your Facebook Feed and submitting a form with your name and con-tact information. Then the advertiser would receive the information youprovided.
41
Transactions you might make
Subscribing to premium content
Buying, selling or using products
Buying, selling or using services
Donating to charities

42
Commerce services platformsp
Commerce services platforms provide a range of commerce services,including:
Payments
Marketing
Shipping
Customer engagement tools

43
How measurement vendors use information to makereports
For example, an advertiser might ask a measurement vendor to help figure outthe impact its ads on Facebook have had on sales. The measurement vendorcompares information from us about clicks on the advertiser’s Facebook adswith information from the advertiser about product purchases. Then the mea-surement vendor creates and provides aggregated reports that show the ad-vertiser how its ads are performing.
44
How vendors support our marketing and advertisingefforts
For example, vendors:
Serve our advertisements across the Internet, including on mobile, desktopand connected television devices
Track and categorize your online and mobile app activity
Provide us information about your interests and community and advertisinginteractions

These vendors help us understand who might find our advertising most rele-vant to their interests, and which of our Products might interest you. This infor-mation can be used to personalize which of our ads are shown to you. Vendorsalso use this information to measure response to our marketing efforts and theeffectiveness of our advertising.

How do the Meta Companies work together?
A Portal, a Quest 2, and a mobile phone. The phone screen shows the Messenger, WhatsApp, Facebook and Instagram apps.

We are part of the Meta Companies that provide Meta Company Products. MetaCompany Products include all the Meta Products covered by this Policy, plus otherproducts like WhatsApp, Novi and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with theother Meta Companies. Learn more about how we transfer information to othercountries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies,according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In somecases, Meta acts as a service provider for other Meta Companies. We act on theirbehalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To personalize offers, ads and other sponsored or commercial content
To develop and provide features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products

See some examples[45] of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta CompaniesFacebook Help Center
45
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Promoting safety, security and integrity and complying with applicablelaw
For example, we share information with Meta Companies that provide financialproducts and services to help them promote safety, security and integrity andcomply with applicable law. This includes:
Complying with their legal obligations
Helping keep you and others safe
Performing account verification
Investigating suspicious activities
Creating analytics

For these purposes, we might share your name, email address, who you’refriends with and other account information within the Meta Companies.
Developing and providing features and integrations
For example, where available in your country, you can choose to use certain in-tegrations that connect your WhatsApp experiences with other Meta CompanyProducts. These integrations let you do things like:
Use your Facebook Pay account to pay for things on WhatsApp
Chat with your friends on other Meta Company Products, such as Portal, byconnecting your WhatsApp account

We also share information with Meta Companies to support innovation. For ex-ample, your videos can help train our products to recognize objects, like trees,or activities, like when a dog chases a ball. This technology is used to help usoffer new products or features in the future.
Understanding how people use our products
We count the number of unique users, monthly active users and daily activeusers on our products. This information helps us understand the community us-ing our products and publicly share important trends about how our productsare used.

How can you manage or delete your informationand exercise your rights?
We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your informa-tion below. You can also manage your information by visiting the settings of theProducts you use. You may also have other privacy rights under applicable laws.
To exercise your rights, visit our Help Centers, your settings for Facebook andInstagram and your device-based settings.
Take a privacy checkup
Take a privacy checkupBe guided through Facebook privacy settings
View and manage your information
Access your informationOff-Facebook activityAd preferencesManage your data
Port, download or delete your information
Port your information [46]Download your informationDelete your information or account [47]
You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram, and inthe Facebook Help Center. If you have questions about this policy, you can contactus as described below. In some countries, you may also be able to contact the DataProtection Officer for Meta Platforms, Inc., and depending on your jurisdiction, youmay also contact your local Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) directly.
46
Port your information
In certain cases and subject to applicable law, you have the right to port yourinformation.
47
Delete your information or account
To delete your information, you can:
Find and delete specific information. We offer tools you can use to deletecertain information. For example, you can use Delete buttons to delete con-tent you’ve posted to your account. You can also use tools like activity log onFacebook to send content to the trash in bulk. When you delete content, it’sno longer visible to other users. Visit the Facebook Help Center or InstagramHelp Center to learn what happens when you delete your content or move itto trash.
Permanently delete your account. If you delete your account on Facebookor Instagram, we delete your information, including the things you’ve posted,such as your photos and status updates, unless we need to keep it as de-scribed in "How long do we keep your information?" Once your account ispermanently deleted you won’t be able to reactivate it, and you won’t be ableto retrieve information, including content you’ve posted.

How long does it take to delete your information?
If you request that we delete your account or content, it may take up to 90 daysto delete your information after we begin the account deletion process or re-ceive a content deletion request. After the information is deleted, it may take usup to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery.
If you leave your deleted content in your trash on Facebook or your RecentlyDeleted folder on Instagram, the deletion process will begin automatically in 30days. Or you can start the deletion process right away by deleting the contentfrom your trash or Recently Deleted folder.

How long do we keep your information?
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with le-gal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need infor-mation on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keepsome of your information to maintain your account. Learn more[48].
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messagessent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular mes-sages. Learn more[49].
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obliga-tions. See some examples[50].
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigatepossible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity;or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products

In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extendedperiod of time. Read our policy[51] about when we may preserve your information.
48
If we need it to operate or provide our Products
For example, we keep profile information, photos you’ve posted (and notdeleted) and security information for the lifetime of your account.
And when you search for something on Facebook, we keep your search historyuntil you clear the search in your activity log or delete your account. Once youclear a search or delete your account, it will no longer be visible to you, and itwill be deleted[52].
But even if you don’t clear your search or delete your account, within sixmonths of your search we delete information about that search that isn’t neces-sary to show you your search history, like information about the device youwere using, or your location.
49
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works
A person at a birthday party, using a phone to send a message in vanish mode.

For example, May is planning a surprise party for Yang. She sendsCynthia the party details in Messenger using vanish mode so thatthe message will disappear. The message will no longer be visible toMay once she leaves the chat, and Cynthia will see the message onlythe first time she opens the chat thread.
After Cynthia reads the message, the content is deleted after onehour. If Cynthia never reads it, it’s deleted after 14 days.

50
How long we need to retain the information to complywith certain legal obligations
For example, we retain information for as long as we need it for:
A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or tocomply with applicable law
A governmental investigation
A legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings

51
Why we may preserve your information longer
Your information, including financial transaction data related to purchases ormoney transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for alonger time period if it’s related to any of the following:
A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or tocomply with applicable law
A governmental investigation
An investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies
To prevent harm
For safety, security and integrity purposes
To protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
If it’s needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatoryproceedings

See some examples[53].
In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasonseven after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. Wemay also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and con-tent that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies.
52
Delete your information or account
To delete your information, you can:
Find and delete specific information. We offer tools you can use to deletecertain information. For example, you can use Delete buttons to delete con-tent you’ve posted to your account. You can also use tools like activity log onFacebook to send content to the trash in bulk. When you delete content, it’sno longer visible to other users. Visit the Facebook Help Center or InstagramHelp Center to learn what happens when you delete your content or move itto trash.
Permanently delete your account. If you delete your account on Facebookor Instagram, we delete your information, including the things you’ve posted,such as your photos and status updates, unless we need to keep it as de-scribed in "How long do we keep your information?" Once your account ispermanently deleted you won’t be able to reactivate it, and you won’t be ableto retrieve information, including content you’ve posted.

How long does it take to delete your information?
If you request that we delete your account or content, it may take up to 90 daysto delete your information after we begin the account deletion process or re-ceive a content deletion request. After the information is deleted, it may take usup to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery.
If you leave your deleted content in your trash on Facebook or your RecentlyDeleted folder on Instagram, the deletion process will begin automatically in 30days. Or you can start the deletion process right away by deleting the contentfrom your trash or Recently Deleted folder.
53
Examples of why we might preserve your information
To respond to a legal request
For example, we might preserve your information after you delete your accountwhen we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or searchwarrant, related to your account.
To comply with applicable law
For example, we preserve certain information about purchases or transactionsassociated with an account, in line with Meta’s accounting obligations.
For safety, security and integrity purposes
For example, if we disable an account for violating our terms or policies, wepreserve information about that user to prevent them from opening a newaccount.
We also might preserve some of your account information as part of our reviewof suspicious activity. This includes any suspicious activity associated with ourfinancial products, like suspected money laundering or terrorist funding.
For litigation
We may preserve your information where we deem it necessary for reasons re-lated to a legal claim or complaint. For example, we may be required to defendourselves in legal proceedings in a claim related to your information.

How do we transfer information?
Why is information transferred to other countries?
We share the information we collect globally, both internally across our officesand data centers, and externally with our Partners, vendors, service providersand third parties. Because Meta is global, with users, Partners and employeesaround the world, transfers are necessary for a variety of reasons, including:
So we can operate and provide the services stated in the terms of the MetaProduct you’re using and this Policy. This includes allowing you to share in-formation and connect with your family and friends around the globe.
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products


Where is information transferred?
Your information will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processedin:
Places we have infrastructure or data centers, including the United States,Ireland, Denmark and Sweden, among others
Countries where Meta Company Products are available
Other countries where our Partners, vendors, service providers and thirdparties are located outside of the country where you live, for purposes as de-scribed in this Policy


How do we safeguard your information?
We rely on appropriate mechanisms[54] for international data transfers.
We also make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place whenever wetransfer your information. For example, we encrypt your information when it’s intransit over public networks to protect it from unauthorized access.
More resources
How information is safeguarded as it’s transferred to the United StatesFacebook Newsroom

54
Mechanisms we use for global data transfers
We rely on appropriate mechanisms for international data transfers. For exam-ple, for information we collect:
We utilize standard contractual clauses approved by the EuropeanCommission and by other relevant authorities.
We rely on determinations from the European Commission, and from otherrelevant authorities, about whether other countries have adequate levels ofdata protection.
We use equivalent mechanisms under applicable laws that apply to datatransfers to the United States and other relevant countries.


How do we respond to legal requests, complywith applicable law and prevent harm?
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production or-ders or subpoenas. These requests come from third parties such as civil litigants,law enforcement and other government authorities. Learn more[55] about whenwe respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Products, users, employees,property and the public. Learn more[56].

We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time. Learnmore[57].
55
When we respond to legal requests
We respond to legal requests where we have a good faith belief that we’re re-quired by law to do so.
We also respond to certain legal requests where not compelled by law, butwhere we have a good faith belief that a response:
Is required by law in that jurisdiction,
Affects users in that jurisdiction, and
Is consistent with internationally recognized standards including, for exam-ple, our Corporate Human Rights Policy.

Learn more about government requests and how we’ve responded.
56
How we promote safety, security and integrity
We share your information with law enforcement, government authorities, MetaCompanies, third parties (including industry peers) and others when we have agood faith belief it’s necessary to detect, prevent and address a variety of situa-tions, such as:
Unauthorized use of our Products. See an example.[58]
Violations of our terms and policies. See an example.[59]
Investigating suspicious activity
Protecting ourselves, including our rights, property, personnel or Products
Preventing abuse, fraud, or other harmful or illegal activity, on and off ourProducts
Protecting you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatoryinquiries
Emergency situations, such as risk of death or imminent bodily harm

57
Why we may preserve your information longer
Your information, including financial transaction data related to purchases ormoney transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for alonger time period if it’s related to any of the following:
A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or tocomply with applicable law
A governmental investigation
An investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies
To prevent harm
For safety, security and integrity purposes
To protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
If it’s needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatoryproceedings

See some examples[60].
In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasonseven after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. Wemay also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and con-tent that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies.
58
Unauthorized use of our Products
For example, if you unlawfully collect and use Facebook user data, we mayshare your information to defend ourselves against claims or in litigation.
59
Violations of our terms and policies
For example, if you post threatening or harmful content, we may share your in-formation across the Meta Companies to protect ourselves and others. Thiscan include blocking your access to certain features or disabling your accountacross the Meta Companies.
60
Examples of why we might preserve your information
To respond to a legal request
For example, we might preserve your information after you delete your accountwhen we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or searchwarrant, related to your account.
To comply with applicable law
For example, we preserve certain information about purchases or transactionsassociated with an account, in line with Meta’s accounting obligations.
For safety, security and integrity purposes
For example, if we disable an account for violating our terms or policies, wepreserve information about that user to prevent them from opening a newaccount.
We also might preserve some of your account information as part of our reviewof suspicious activity. This includes any suspicious activity associated with ourfinancial products, like suspected money laundering or terrorist funding.
For litigation
We may preserve your information where we deem it necessary for reasons re-lated to a legal claim or complaint. For example, we may be required to defendourselves in legal proceedings in a claim related to your information.

How will you know the policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the op-portunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using ourProducts.

How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram and inthe Facebook Help Center. If you have questions about this Policy or have ques-tions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as de-scribed below.
You can contact us online or by mail at:
Meta Platforms, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Operations
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025

Why and how we process your information
The categories of information we use, and why and how information is processed,are set out below:
Why and how we process yourinformation
 Information categories we use(see 'What Information do we col-lect?' for more information oneach information category) Theactual information we use de-pends on your factual circum-stances, but could include any ofthe following:
 
Personalizing the Meta Products: Oursystems automatically process informa-tion we collect and store associatedwith you and others to assess and un-derstand your interests and your prefer-ences and provide you personalizedexperiences across the Meta Productsin accordance with our terms. This ishow we:
Personalize features and content(such as your News Feed, InstagramFeed and Stories);
Personalize the ads people see; and
Make suggestions for you (such aspeople you may know, groups orevents that you may be interested inor topics that you may want to follow)on and off our products.

Learn more about how we use informa-tion about you to personalize your ex-perience on and across Meta Productsand how we choose the ads that yousee.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings(like GPS location)
Information about the networkyou connect your device to
Reports about our products’performance on your device
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties. (You havecontrol over Meta’s use of Partnerdata to tailor ads to you.)
 
Providing and improving our MetaProducts: The provision of the MetaProducts includes collecting, storing,and, where relevant, sharing, profiling,reviewing and curating, and in some in-stances not only automated processingbut also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your accountand profile,
Facilitate the sharing of content andstatus,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, theability to make voice and video callsand connect with others,
Provide advertising products, and
Undertake analytics.

We also use information to develop, re-search and test improvements to ourProducts. We use information we haveto:
See if a product is working correctly,
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not,
Test out new products and featuresto see if they work,
Get feedback on our ideas for prod-ucts or features, and
Conduct surveys and other researchabout what you like about ourProducts and brands and what wecan do better.

 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Messages you send and re-ceive, including their content,subject to applicable law
Metadata about content andmessages, subject to applicablelaw
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make, including truncatedcredit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
Promoting safety, integrity and securityon and across the Meta Products: TheMeta Products are designed to re-search and help ensure the safety, in-tegrity and security of those servicesand those people who enjoy them, onand off Meta Products. We process in-formation we have associated with youand apply automated processing tech-niques and, in some instances, conductmanual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of ourterms or policies. In some cases, thedecisions we make about violationsare reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmfulor unlawful behavior, such as to re-view and, in some cases, removecontent reported to us,
Identify and combat disparities andracial bias against historicallymarginalized communities,
Protect the life, physical or mentalhealth, well-being or integrity of ourusers or others,
Detect and prevent spam, other se-curity matters and other badexperiences,
Detect and stop threats to our per-sonnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of ourProducts.

For more information on safety, integ-rity and security generally on MetaProducts, visit the Facebook SecurityHelp Center and Instagram SecurityTips.
 Your activity and information youprovide::
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Messages you send and re-ceive, including their content,subject to applicable law
Metadata about content andmessages, subject to applicablelaw
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make, including truncatedcredit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
To communicate with you: We use in-formation you’ve given us (like contactinformation on your profile) to send youa communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to theMeta Products, product-related is-sues, research or to let you knowabout our terms and policies.

We also use contact information likeyour email address to respond whenyou contact us.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Contact information on yourprofile and your communica-tions with us
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features

App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies.

 
Transferring, storing or processing yourinformation across borders, includingfrom and to the United States and othercountries: We share information we col-lect globally, both internally across ouroffices and data centers and externallywith our Partners, third parties and ser-vice providers. Because Meta is global,with users, Partners, vendors and em-ployees around the world, transfers arenecessary:
To operate and provide the servicesdescribed in the terms that apply tothe Meta Product(s) you are using.This includes allowing you to shareinformation and connect with yourfamily and friends around the globe;and
To fix, analyze and improve ourProducts.

For more information, see the "How dowe transfer information?" section of theMeta Privacy Policy.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content andmessages, subject to applicablelaw
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make, including truncatedcredit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your adviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
Processing information subject to spe-cial protections under applicable lawsthat you provide so we can share it withthose you choose, to provide, personal-ize and improve our Products and toundertake analytics. We’ll collect, store,publish and apply automated, or some-times manual (human), processing forthese purposes.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Any information with specialprotections that you choose toprovide in your profile fields(such as your religious views,political views, or who you are"interested in"), or as part ofsurveys you choose to partici-pate in

 
Receiving and using information fromthird parties to tailor the ads you see:We’ll use information that advertisers,businesses and other partners provideus about activity off Meta Products thatwe have associated with you to person-alize ads that we show you on MetaProducts, and on websites, apps anddevices that use our advertising ser-vices. We receive this informationwhether or not you’re logged in or havean account on our Products. See theCookies Policy for more information.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Information and content youprovide, such as your name oremail address

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
Sharing your contact, profile or other in-formation with third parties upon yourrequest: The type of third party and cat-egories of information shared dependon the circumstances of what you askus to share. For example:
We share your email (or other con-tact information) or other informationyou might choose when you direct usto share it with an advertiser so theycan contact you with additional infor-mation about a promoted product,and
If you choose to integrate other apps,games or websites with MetaProducts and log in, we’ll share yourinformation with the app, game orwebsite to log you in.

 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like yourcontact, profile or other informa-tion, like posts or comments

 
Providing measurement, analytics andbusiness services:
Our systems automatically, as well aswith some manual (human) processing,process information we have collectedand stored about you and others. Weuse this information to:
Provide insights and measurementreports to businesses, advertisersand other Partners to help themmeasure the effectiveness and distri-bution of their or their clients’ ads,content and services, to understandthe kinds of people who are seeingtheir content and ads, and how theircontent and ads are performing onand off Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analyticsand insights reports that help busi-nesses, advertisers and otherPartners better understand the audi-ences with whom they may want toconnect, as well as the types of peo-ple who use their services and howpeople interact with their websites,apps and services.

 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

 
Sharing of information across the MetaCompanies:
To provide a seamless, consistentand richer, innovative experienceacross the Meta Company Productsto enable cross app interactions,sharing, viewing and engaging withcontent, including posts and videos.

 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users'
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

 
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, yourusage of and across our Products, toaccurately count people and busi-nesses; and
To validate metrics directly related tothese, in order to inform and improveproduct direction and developmentand to adhere to(shareholder/earning) reportingobligations.

 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content andmessages, subject to applicablelaw
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users'
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
Identifying you as a Meta Product userand personalizing the ads we show youthrough Meta Audience Network whenyou visit other apps:
When we show you ads throughMeta Audience Network when youvisit other apps, our systems auto-matically process the information wehave collected and stored about youand others to identify you as a MetaProduct user and tailor the ads yousee.

 Your activity and information youprovide:
Information you provide
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users'
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

 
Providing marketing communications toyou:
Depending on your settings and sub-ject to applicable law, we’ll sharemarketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your informa-tion and use it to send marketingcommunications to you, like anemail, subject to applicable laws.

 Your activity and information youprovide:
Information and content youprovide, including your contactinformation like email address

App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device identifiers

 
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use infor-mation (including from researcherswe collaborate with) to conduct andsupport research and innovation ontopics of general social welfare, tech-nological advancement, public inter-est, health and well-being.
For example, we analyze informationthat we have about migration pat-terns during crises. This helps relieforganizations get aid to the rightplaces.
We collect, store, combine, analyzeand apply automatic processingtechniques like aggregation of infor-mation as well as manual (human)review, and share information, asnecessary to research and innovatefor social good in this way. We dothis to do things like create COVID-19 forecasting models.

Learn more about our researchprograms.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content andmessages, subject to applicablelaw
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
Anonymizing your information
In some cases, we anonymize informa-tion we have associated with you, suchas your activity on and off our Products,and use the resulting information, forexample, to provide and improve ourMeta Products, including ads.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
Share information with others, includinglaw enforcement and to respond to le-gal requests.
See the "How do we respond to legalrequests, prevent harm and promotesafety and integrity?" section of theMeta Privacy Policy for more for infor-mation on when we share informationwith law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we ac-cess, preserve, use and share dependon the specific circumstances. For ex-ample, responses to legal requestswhere not compelled by law will typi-cally include limited information (suchas contact details and logininformation).
However, the information we processwill depend on the purposes, whichcould include the following:
In response to legal requests fromthird parties such as civil litigants,law enforcement and other govern-ment authorities
To comply with applicable law or le-gitimate legal purposes
To promote the safety, security andintegrity of Meta Companies, MetaProducts, users, employees, prop-erty and the public

Learn more about how we promotesafety, security and integrity.
 Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Metadata about content, sub-ject to applicable law
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make
Hashtags you use

Friends, followers and otherconnections
app, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 
For processing information when thelaw requires it: Where we are under anobligation to disclose information suchas, for example, if we receive a valid le-gal request for certain information suchas a search warrant, we will access,preserve and/or share your informationwith regulators, law enforcement orothers.
The way in which the information willbe processed depends on the specificcircumstances. See the "How do we re-spond to legal requests, prevent harmand promote safety and integrity?" sec-tion of the Meta Privacy Policy formore. "Information for LawEnforcement Authorities" provides in-formation on the operational guidelineslaw enforcement needs to follow.
 The categories of information de-pend on the specific circum-stances of each mandatory re-quest or obligation. Only the infor-mation necessary to comply withthe relevant legal obligation will beshared or otherwise processed.For example, for civil matters, thiswill typically include limited infor-mation (such as contact detailsand login information). However,depending on the circumstances itcould include the following:
Your activity and information youprovide:
Content you create, like posts,comments or audio
Content you provide throughour camera feature or yourcamera roll settings, or throughour voice-enabled features
Messages you send and re-ceive, including their content,subject to applicable law
Metadata about content andmessages, subject to applicablelaw
Types of content you view or in-teract with, and how you inter-act with it
Apps and features you use, andwhat actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactionsyou make, including truncatedcredit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and dura-tion of your activities on ourProducts

Friends, followers and otherconnections
App, browser and deviceinformation:
Device characteristics and de-vice software
What you’re doing on your de-vice (like whether our app is inthe foreground or if your mouseis moving)
Identifiers that tell your deviceapart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve sharedthrough your device settings
Information about the networkyou connect your device to, in-cluding your IP address
Information from cookies andsimilar technologies

Information from Partners, ven-dors and third parties
 







