
Last modified: January 4, 2021 (archived versions)
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
If you live in the European Region, WhatsApp Ireland Limited provides the servicesto you under this Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
WhatsApp Legal Info
If you live outside the European Region, WhatsApp LLC ("WhatsApp," "our," "we," or"us") provides our Services to you under this Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") helps explain our data practices, including theinformation we process to provide our Services.
For example, our Privacy Policy talks about what information we collect and howthis affects you. It also explains the steps we take to protect your privacy, likebuilding our Services so delivered messages aren’t stored by us and giving youcontrol over who you communicate with on our Services.
We are one of the Meta Companies. You can learn more further below in thisPrivacy Policy about the ways in which we share information across this family ofcompanies.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services unless specified otherwise.
Please also read WhatsApp’s Terms of Service ("Terms"), which describe the termsunder which you use and we provide our Services.
Back to top
Key Updates
Respect for your privacy is coded into our DNA. Since we started WhatsApp, we’vebuilt our services with a set of strong privacy principles in mind. In our updatedTerms of Service and Privacy Policy you’ll find:
Additional Information On How We Handle Your Data. Our updated Terms andPrivacy Policy provide more information on how we process your data, andour commitment to privacy. For example, we’ve added more informationabout more recent product features and functionalities, how we process yourdata for safety, security, and integrity, and added more direct links to usersettings, Help Center articles and how you can manage your information.
Better Communication With Businesses. Many businesses rely on WhatsAppto communicate with their customers and clients. We work with businessesthat use Meta or third parties to help store and better manage theircommunications with you on WhatsApp.
Making It Easier To Connect. As part of the Meta Companies, WhatsApppartners with Meta to offer experiences and integrations across Meta’s familyof apps and products.

Back to top
Information We Collect
WhatsApp must receive or collect some information to operate, provide, improve,understand, customize, support, and market our Services, including when youinstall, access, or use our Services.
The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use ourServices. We require certain information to deliver our Services and without this wewill not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide yourmobile phone number to create an account to use our Services.
Our Services have optional features which, if used by you, require us to collectadditional information to provide such features. You will be notified of suchcollection, as appropriate. If you choose not to provide the information needed touse a feature, you will be unable to use the feature. For example, you cannot shareyour location with your contacts if you do not permit us to collect your location datafrom your device. Permissions can be managed through your Settings menu onboth Android and iOS devices.
Information You Provide
Your Account Information. You must provide your mobile phone number andbasic information (including a profile name of your choice) to create aWhatsApp account. If you don’t provide us with this information, you will notbe able to create an account to use our Services. You can add otherinformation to your account, such as a profile picture and "about" information.
Your Messages. We do not retain your messages in the ordinary course ofproviding our Services to you. Instead, your messages are stored on yourdevice and not typically stored on our servers. Once your messages aredelivered, they are deleted from our servers. The following scenarios describecircumstances where we may store your messages in the course of deliveringthem:Undelivered Messages. If a message cannot be delivered immediately(for example, if the recipient is offline), we keep it in encrypted form onour servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver it. If a message is stillundelivered after 30 days, we delete it.
Media Forwarding. When a user forwards media within a message, westore that media temporarily in encrypted form on our servers to aid inmore efficient delivery of additional forwards.We offer end-to-end encryption for our Services. End-to-end encryptionmeans that your messages are encrypted to protect against us and thirdparties from reading them. Learn more about end-to-end encryption andhow businesses communicate with you on WhatsApp.


Your Connections. You can use the contact upload feature and provide us, ifpermitted by applicable laws, with the phone numbers in your address bookon a regular basis, including those of users of our Services and your othercontacts. If any of your contacts aren’t yet using our Services, we’ll managethis information for you in a way that ensures those contacts cannot beidentified by us. Learn more about our contact upload feature here. You cancreate, join, or get added to groups and broadcast lists, and such groups andlists get associated with your account information. You give your groups aname. You can provide a group profile picture or description.
Status Information. You may provide us your status if you choose to includeone on your account. Learn how to use status on Android, iPhone, or KaiOS.
Transactions And Payments Data. If you use our payments services, or useour Services meant for purchases or other financial transactions, we processadditional information about you, including payment account and transactioninformation. Payment account and transaction information includesinformation needed to complete the transaction (for example, informationabout your payment method, shipping details and transaction amount). If youuse our payments services available in your country or territory, our privacypractices are described in the applicable payments privacy policy.
Customer Support And Other Communications. When you contact us forcustomer support or otherwise communicate with us, you may provide uswith information related to your use of our Services, including copies of yourmessages, any other information you deem helpful, and how to contact you(e.g., an email address). For example, you may send us an email withinformation relating to app performance or other issues.

Automatically Collected Information
Usage And Log Information. We collect information about your activity on ourServices, like service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. Thisincludes information about your activity (including how you use our Services,your Services settings, how you interact with others using our Services(including when you interact with a business), and the time, frequency, andduration of your activities and interactions), log files, and diagnostic, crash,website, and performance logs and reports. This also includes informationabout when you registered to use our Services; the features you use like ourmessaging, calling, Status, groups (including group name, group picture,group description), payments or business features; profile photo, "about"information; whether you are online, when you last used our Services (your"last seen"); and when you last updated your "about" information.
Device And Connection Information. We collect device and connection-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. Thisincludes information such as hardware model, operating system information,battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobilenetwork, connection information (including phone number, mobile operator orISP), language and time zone, IP address, device operations information, andidentifiers (including identifiers unique to Meta Company Products associatedwith the same device or account).
Location Information. We collect and use precise location information fromyour device with your permission when you choose to use location-relatedfeatures, like when you decide to share your location with your contacts orview locations nearby or locations others have shared with you. There arecertain settings relating to location-related information which you can find inyour device settings or the in-app settings, such as location sharing. Even ifyou do not use our location-related features, we use IP addresses and otherinformation like phone number area codes to estimate your general location(e.g., city and country). We also use your location information for diagnosticsand troubleshooting purposes.
Cookies. We use cookies to operate and provide our Services, including toprovide our Services that are web-based, improve your experiences,understand how our Services are being used, and customize them. Forexample, we use cookies to provide our Services for web and desktop andother web-based services. We may also use cookies to understand which ofour Help Center articles are most popular and to show you relevant contentrelated to our Services. Additionally, we may use cookies to remember yourchoices, like your language preferences, to provide a safer experience, andotherwise to customize our Services for you. Learn more about how we usecookies to provide you our Services.

Back to top
Third-Party Information
Information Others Provide About You. We receive information about youfrom other users. For example, when other users you know use our Services,they may provide your phone number, name, and other information (likeinformation from their mobile address book) just as you may provide theirs.They may also send you messages, send messages to groups to which youbelong, or call you. We require each of these users to have lawful rights tocollect, use, and share your information before providing any information tous.You should keep in mind that in general any user can capture screenshots ofyour chats or messages or make recordings of your calls with them and sendthem to WhatsApp or anyone else, or post them on another platform.
User Reports. Just as you can report other users, other users or third partiesmay also choose to report to us your interactions and your messages withthem or others on our Services; for example, to report possible violations ofour Terms or policies. When a report is made, we collect information on boththe reporting user and reported user. To find out more about what happenswhen a user report is made, please see Advanced Safety and SecurityFeatures.
Businesses On WhatsApp. Businesses you interact with using our Servicesmay provide us with information about their interactions with you. We requireeach of these businesses to act in accordance with applicable law whenproviding any information to us.When you message with a business on WhatsApp, keep in mind that thecontent you share may be visible to several people in that business. Inaddition, some businesses might be working with third-party service providers(which may include Meta) to help manage their communications with theircustomers. For example, a business may give such third-party serviceprovider access to its communications to send, store, read, manage, orotherwise process them for the business. To understand how a businessprocesses your information, including how it might share your informationwith third parties or Meta, you should review that business’ privacy policy orcontact the business directly.
Third-Party Service Providers. We work with third-party service providers andother Meta Companies to help us operate, provide, improve, understand,customize, support, and market our Services. For example, we work with themto distribute our apps; provide our technical and physical infrastructure,delivery, and other systems; provide engineering support, cybersecuritysupport, and operational support; supply location, map, and placesinformation; process payments; help us understand how people use ourServices; market our Services; help you connect with businesses using ourServices; conduct surveys and research for us; ensure safety, security, andintegrity; and help with customer service. These companies may provide uswith information about you in certain circumstances; for example, app storesmay provide us with reports to help us diagnose and fix service issues.The "How We Work With Other Meta Companies" section below providesmore information about how WhatsApp collects and shares information withthe other Meta Companies.
Third-Party Services. We allow you to use our Services in connection withthird-party services and Meta Company Products. If you use our Services withsuch third-party services or Meta Company Products, we may receiveinformation about you from them; for example, if you use the WhatsApp sharebutton on a news service to share a news article with your WhatsAppcontacts, groups, or broadcast lists on our Services, or if you choose toaccess our Services through a mobile carrier’s or device provider’s promotionof our Services. Please note that when you use third-party services or MetaCompany Products, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your useof those services and products.

Back to top
How We Use Information
We use information we have (subject to choices you make and applicable law) tooperate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.Here's how:
Our Services. We use information we have to operate and provide ourServices, including providing customer support; completing purchases ortransactions; improving, fixing, and customizing our Services; and connectingour Services with Meta Company Products that you may use. We also useinformation we have to understand how people use our Services; evaluate andimprove our Services; research, develop, and test new services and features;and conduct troubleshooting activities. We also use your information torespond to you when you contact us.
Safety, Security, And Integrity. Safety, security, and integrity are an integralpart of our Services. We use information we have to verify accounts andactivity; combat harmful conduct; protect users against bad experiences andspam; and promote safety, security, and integrity on and off our Services, suchas by investigating suspicious activity or violations of our Terms and policies,and to ensure our Services are being used legally. Please see the Law, OurRights and Protection section below for more information.
Communications About Our Services And The Meta Companies. We useinformation we have to communicate with you about our Services and let youknow about our terms, policies, and other important updates. We may provideyou marketing for our Services and those of the Meta Companies.
No Third-Party Banner Ads. We still do not allow third-party banner ads onour Services. We have no intention to introduce them, but if we ever do, wewill update this Privacy Policy.
Business Interactions. We enable you and third parties, like businesses, tocommunicate and interact with each other using our Services, such asCatalogs for businesses on WhatsApp through which you can browseproducts and services and place orders. Businesses may send youtransaction, appointment, and shipping notifications; product and serviceupdates; and marketing. For example, you may receive flight statusinformation for upcoming travel, a receipt for something you purchased, or anotification when a delivery will be made. Messages you receive from abusiness could include an offer for something that might interest you. We donot want you to have a spammy experience; as with all of your messages, youcan manage these communications, and we will honor the choices you make.

Back to top
Information You And We Share
You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, andwe share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand,customize, support, and market our Services.
Send Your Information To Those With Whom You Choose To Communicate.You share your information (including messages) as you use andcommunicate through our Services.
Information Associated With Your Account. Your phone number, profile nameand photo, "about" information, last seen information, and message receiptsare available to anyone who uses our Services, although you can configureyour Services settings to manage certain information available to other users,including businesses, with whom you communicate.
Your Contacts And Others. Users, including businesses, with whom youcommunicate can store or reshare your information (including your phonenumber or messages) with others on and off our Services. You can use yourServices settings and the “block” feature in our Services to manage who youcommunicate with on our Services and certain information you share.
Businesses On WhatsApp. We offer specific services to businesses such asproviding them with metrics regarding their use of our Services.
Third-Party Service Providers. We work with third-party service providers andother Meta Companies to help us operate, provide, improve, understand,customize, support, and market our Services. We work with these companiesto support our Services, such as to provide technical infrastructure, deliveryand other systems; market our Services; conduct surveys and research for us;protect the safety, security, and integrity of users and others; and assist withcustomer service. When we share information with third-party serviceproviders and other Meta Companies in this capacity, we require them to useyour information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
Third-Party Services. When you or others use third-party services or otherMeta Company Products that are integrated with our Services, those third-party services may receive information about what you or others share withthem. For example, if you use a data backup service integrated with ourServices (like iCloud or Google Drive), they will receive information you sharewith them, such as your WhatsApp messages. If you interact with a third-partyservice or another Meta Company Product linked through our Services, suchas when you use the in-app player to play content from a third-party platform,information about you, like your IP address and the fact that you are aWhatsApp user, may be provided to such third party or Meta CompanyProduct. Please note that when you use third-party services or other MetaCompany Products, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your useof those services and products.

Back to top
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
As part of the Meta Companies, WhatsApp receives information from, and sharesinformation (see here) with, the other Meta Companies. We may use theinformation we receive from them, and they may use the information we share withthem, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, andmarket our Services and their offerings, including the Meta Company Products. Thisincludes:
helping improve infrastructure and delivery systems;
understanding how our Services or theirs are used;
promoting safety, security, and integrity across the Meta Company Products,e.g., securing systems and fighting spam, threats, abuse, or infringementactivities;
improving their services and your experiences using them, such as makingsuggestions for you (for example, of friends or group connections, or ofinteresting content), personalizing features and content, helping you completepurchases and transactions, and showing relevant offers and ads across theMeta Company Products; and
providing integrations which enable you to connect your WhatsAppexperiences with other Meta Company Products. For example, allowing you toconnect your Facebook Pay account to pay for things on WhatsApp orenabling you to chat with your friends on other Meta Company Products, suchas Portal, by connecting your WhatsApp account.

Learn more about the other Meta Companies and their privacy practices byreviewing their privacy policies.
Back to top
Assignment, Change Of Control, And Transfer
In the event that we are involved in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, bankruptcy,or sale of all or some of our assets, we will share your information with thesuccessor entities or new owners in connection with the transaction in accordancewith applicable data protection laws.
Back to top
Managing And Retaining Your Information
You can access or port your information using our in-app Request Account Infofeature (available under Settings > Account). For iPhone users, you can learn how toaccess, manage, and delete your information through our iPhone Help Centerarticles. For Android users, you can learn how to access, manage, and delete yourinformation through our Android Help Center articles.
We store information for as long as necessary for the purposes identified in thisPrivacy Policy, including to provide our Services or for other legitimate purposes,such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of ourTerms, or protecting or defending our rights, property, and users. The storageperiods are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on factors like thenature of the information, why it is collected and processed, relevant legal oroperational retention needs, and legal obligations.
If you would like to further manage, change, limit, or delete your information, youcan do that through the following tools:
Services Settings. You can change your Services settings to manage certaininformation available to other users. You can manage your contacts, groups,and broadcast lists, or use our “block” feature to manage the users withwhom you communicate.
Changing Your Mobile Phone Number, Profile Name And Picture, And“About” Information. If you change your mobile phone number, you mustupdate it using our in-app change number feature and transfer your accountto your new mobile phone number. You can also change your profile name,profile picture, and "about" information at any time.
Deleting Your WhatsApp Account. You can delete your WhatsApp account atany time (including if you want to revoke your consent to our use of yourinformation pursuant to applicable law) using our in-app delete my accountfeature. When you delete your WhatsApp account, your undelivered messagesare deleted from our servers as well as any of your other information we nolonger need to operate and provide our Services. Deleting your account will,for example, delete your account info and profile photo, delete you from allWhatsApp groups, and delete your WhatsApp message history. Be mindfulthat if you only delete WhatsApp from your device without using our in-appdelete my account feature, your information will be stored with us for a longerperiod. Please remember that when you delete your account, it does notaffect your information related to the groups you created or the informationother users have relating to you, such as their copy of the messages you sentthem.

You can learn more here about our data deletion and retention practices and abouthow to delete your account.
Back to top
Law, Our Rights, And Protection
We access, preserve, and share your information described in the "Information WeCollect" section of this Privacy Policy above if we have a good-faith belief that it isnecessary to: (a) respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, legal process,or government requests; (b) enforce our Terms and any other applicable terms andpolicies, including for investigations of potential violations; (c) detect, investigate,prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activity or security, and technical issues;or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, WhatsApp, the other MetaCompanies, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Back to top
Our Global Operations
WhatsApp shares information globally, both internally within the Meta Companiesand externally with our partners and service providers, and with those with whomyou communicate around the world, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Yourinformation may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored andprocessed in, the United States; countries or territories where the Meta Companies’affiliates and partners, or our service providers are located; or any other country orterritory globally where our Services are provided outside of where you live for thepurposes as described in this Privacy Policy. WhatsApp uses Meta’s globalinfrastructure and data centers, including in the United States. These transfers arenecessary to provide the global Services set forth in our Terms. Please keep inmind that the countries or territories to which your information is transferred mayhave different privacy laws and protections than what you have in your homecountry or territory.
Back to top
Updates To Our Policy
We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. We will provide you notice ofamendments to this Privacy Policy, as appropriate, and update the “Last modified”date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy from time totime.
Back to top
California Consumer Privacy Act
California residents may learn more about their rights, including how to exercisetheir rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, by clicking here.
Back to top
Contact Us

If you have questions or issues about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
WhatsApp LLCPrivacy Policy1601 Willow RoadMenlo Park, California 94025United States of America
Back to top





